I read Chapter 3 of the book and the instructions for Programming Assignment Unit 4. I thought the reading material in the book was rather confusing because it was my first time learning about functions and the terms listed in the glossary. I wrote notes as I read through the book and attempted the exercises at the end of the chapter. The exercises tested my knowledge and ability to write built-in functions and a script. I thought this was challenging and it took me a whole afternoon to complete.

I read the instructions for the Programming Assignment Unit 4. I started writing the function the next day. I ran into errors such as “invalid syntax” and “indentation error” many times so I had to go back and review the code. I utilised the internet search to find out information about the errors. Researching the errors helped me gain more insight into the problems and figure out how to correct any issues. It took me a long time to write my function and execute it successfully. Most of the time was spent debugging which felt like I spent hours starting at the screen to fix the problems I encountered.
 The most challenging part of Week 4 was the Programming Assignment. It took me the longest time to complete. My reaction to completing this assignment was uncertainty at first. However, as I progressed through the assignment, I felt both frustrated and determined at the same time. 
 
I learned how to write a function to perform two different tasks and execute the script. I also learned what a function call, fruitful function, and a stack diagram is including many other words associated with functions. I also learned what a Python function parameter is and how it is used in programming.

I am learning the skills and knowledge of writing scripts and debugging at an even pace. I am halfway through the class and I am already learning a lot so far. I believe these ideas and concepts will help me improve my creativity and problem-solving skills as well as apply them in my professional career. 

